All the world may not love a lover but they will be watching them.
Character is who you are when no one is watching.
Share your joys and sorrows with your family.
Sometimes the object of the journey is not the end, but the journey itself.
The essential conditions of everything you do must be choice, love, and passion.
Good health will be yours for a long time.
You are an exciting and inspiring person.
Struggle as hard as you can for whatever you believe in.
An angry person opens their mouth and shuts up their eyes.
Comfort zones are often expanded through discomfort.
A good time to finish up old tasks.
You will have a pleasant trip.
You will inherit a large sum of money.
Happy life is just in front of you.
It's all right to have butterflies in your stomach. Just get them to fly in formation.
If your desires are not extravagant, they will be granted.
You were born with a silver spoon in your mouth.
You will sleep well at night.
You love sports, horses, and gambling, but not to excess.
Friends long absent are coming back to you.
You could prosper in the field of medical research.
Your love life will be happy and harmonious.
You will have a bright future.
Your winsome smile will be your sure protection.
You are soon going to change your present line of work.
You look pretty.
Traveling this year will bring your life into greater perspective.
Find release from your cares. Have a good time.
You will enjoy good health; you will be surrounded by luxury.
Practice makes perfect.
Your present plans are going to succeed.
Keep true to the dreams of your youth.
You have an important new business development shaping up.
Share your happiness with others today.
A pleasant surprise is in store for you.
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
Ignorance never settles a question.
You will become more and more wealthy.
You will never be last in line. You will always excel!
You are heading for a land of sunshine.
The will of the people is the best law.
People find it difficult to resist your persuasive manner.
You are next in line for promotion in your firm.
Versatility is one of your outstanding traits.
You will soon be honored by someone you respect.
An unexpected event will bring you riches.
Your life gains the stability you desire.
Some pursue happiness; you create it.
People are attracted by your delicate features.
Diligence is the mother of good nature.
There is something seeing and there is something being seen.
You're at that critical point; make that last push.
You will inherit some money or a small piece of land.
You are on the verge of something big.
There is no time like the present.
You believe in the goodness of mankind.
Life to you is a dashing and bold adventure.
You love life very much.
Society prepares the crime; the criminal commits it.
Watch your relations with other people carefully, be reserved.
You will always be surrounded by true friends.
Enjoy what you have! Never mind fame and power.
A leader is powerful to the degree they empower others.
Advice, when most needed, is least heeded.
No person is a failure who is enjoying life.
Progress always involves risk.
Open up your mind. Let your fantasies unwind.
One that would have the fruit must climb the tree.
Your happiness is intertwined with your outlook on life.
A faithful friend is a strong defense.
Believe it can be done.
Bide your time, for success is near.
As every thread of gold is valuable, so is every moment of time.
Allow your mind to absorb new knowledge.
The intention is not to see through people, but rather to see people through.
Wealth is not a matter of intelligence; it's a matter of inspiration.
You will have many important meetings, visits, and chance encounters.
You will make a name for yourself.
You will make many changes before settling satisfactorily.
All the answers you need are right there in front of you!
Better to face danger than be always in fear.
A smile is your personal welcome mat.
A new outlook brightens your image and brings new friends.
Keep your plans secret for now.
Lies and sorrow may float through the air, but truth and happiness live inside yourself.
You don't get in life what you want; you get in life what you are.
You begin to appreciate how important it is to share your personal beliefs.
Let the spirit of adventure set the tone.
Your career is moving more and more towards service to others.
You will soon be involved in many gatherings, parties and communications.
Your luck will be changed today.
Your careful nature will bring you financial success.
You are always entertaining and delightful.
With integrity and consistency, your credits are piling up.
Hone your competitive instincts.
Courage is the mastery of fear - not the absence of fear.
Constant grinding can turn an iron rod into a needle.
You may lack ambition, but not the ability to succeed.
Smile! A frown may turn others away.
You have a unique personality.
You will be advanced socially, without any special effort.
Lady luck will soon visit you.
You will live a long, prosperous life.
Soon, you'll have a chance at a profitable transaction.
You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.
The home is the chief school of human virtues.
The time has come to allow your heart to guide you.
Assert yourself, your ideas are worthwhile.
The smallest deed is better than the biggest intention.
The two hardest things to handle in life are failure and success.
To understand a person's mind, listen to their words.
Enjoy the lighter things in life, deeper joys will follow.
Before you receive, you must give.
An hour with friends is worth more than ten with strangers.
Advice is like kissing. It costs nothing and is a pleasant thing to do.
Any activity becomes creative when the doer cares about doing it right, or better.
A person can fail many times, but they aren't a failure until they give up.
It is better to ask some questions than to know all the answers.
Impossible is a word only to be found in the dictionary of fools.
A kiss makes the heart young again and wipes out the years.
A lifetime friend shall soon be made.
A journey must begin with a single step.
Before you wonder, "Am I doing things right," ask "Am I doing the right things?"
Good luck is the result of good planning.
Patience is a key to joy.
A focused mind is one of the most powerful forces in the universe.
A good beginning is half the task.
Sometimes traveling to a new place leads to great transformation.
You will move to a wonderful new home within the year.
Hope is the most precious treasure to a person.
Don't be afraid to take that big step.
Everywhere you choose to go, friendly faces will greet you.
Failure is the mother of success.
Warning, do not eat your fortune.
Demonstrate refinement in everything you do.
Impossible standards just make life difficult.
A different world cannot be built by indifferent people.
Q: What is H2O? A: Caring, 2 parts Hug and 1 part Open-mind.
Integrity is the essence of everything successful.
For true love? Send real roses preserved in 24 carat gold!
Fear is just excitement in need of an attitude adjustment.
Perhaps you've been focusing too much on spending.
Happiness isn't something you remember, it's something you experience.
Oops...wrong one!
The dream is within you.
Love is on its way.
Be direct, usually one can accomplish more that way.
Use your talents; that's what they are intended for.
The troubles you have now will pass away quickly.
See the light at the end of the tunnel.
Your dream will come true when you least expect it.
Don't "face" reality, let it be the place from which you leap.
Fortune smiles upon you today.
Believing is doing.
Your dynamic eyes have attracted a secret admirer.
You know where you are going and how to get there.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams.
Your ability to pick a winner will bring you success.
Humor usually works at the moment of awkwardness.
Stop procrastinating - starting tomorrow.
Enthusiastic leadership gets you a promotion when you least expect it.
You are far more influential than you think.
Adjust finances, make budgets, to improve your standing.
Happiness is not the absence of conflict, but the ability to cope with it.
An understanding heart warms all that are graced with its presence.
Your co-workers take pleasure in your great sense of creativity.
You are one of the people who "goes places in life."
Others enjoy your company.
When in doubt, let your instincts guide you.
A cheerful message is on its way to you.
A cheerful message is on its way to you. This is not it.
A pleasant surprise is in store for you tonight.
You can't go down the right path without first discovering the path to go down.
To courageously shoulder the responsibility of one's mistake is character.
The joyful energy of the day will have a positive affect on you.
You have a strong desire for a home and your family interests come first.
Be patient; in time, even an egg will walk.
You are not a person who can be ignored.
You always know the right times to be assertive or to simply wait.
Reading to the mind is what exercise is to the body.
Eat something you never tried before.
Your life becomes more and more of an adventure!
You need to live authentically, and you can't ignore that.
Make all you can, save all you can, give all you can.
A well-aimed spear is worth three.
To build a better world, start in your community.
When you can't naturally feel upbeat, it can sometimes help to act as if you did.
May you have great luck.
A kind word will keep someone warm for years.
Nothing in the world is accomplished without passion.
Human invented language to satisfy the need to complain.
Accept what comes to you each day.
A small lucky package is on its way to you soon.
In human endeavor, chance favors the prepared mind.
Do not upset the penguin today.
Don't cry.
The best way to give credit is to give it away.
Anything you do, do it well. The last thing you want is to be sorry for what you didn't do.
Grant yourself a wish this year; only you can do it.
Love thy neighbor; just don't get caught.
You will be selected for a promotion because of your accomplishments.
There are many new opportunities that are being presented to you.
You will receive a gift from someone that cares about you.
You are not illiterate.
Love because it is the only true adventure.
Treasure what you have.
The greatest precept is continual awareness.
A new friend helps you break out of an old routine.
I have a dream...Time to go to bed.
Your skill will accomplish what the force of many cannot.
You will soon be surrounded by good friends and laughter.
The best is yet to come.
It is better to be the hammer than the anvil.
They who climb a ladder must begin at the first step.
Action speaks nothing, without the motive.
Give yourself some peace and quiet for at least a few hours.
Live each day well and wisely.
Old dreams never die they just get filed away.
You can fix it with a little extra energy and a positive attitude.
Life is a verb.
A person without aim is like a clock without hands, as useless if it turns as if it stands.
Many folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.
It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
Wow! A secret message from your teeth!
You should be able to make money and hold on to it.
The human spirit is stronger than anything that can happen to it.
You have a curious smile and a mysterious nature.
Your success will astonish everyone.
It is better to have a hen tomorrow than an egg today.
Judge each day not by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant.
Your hard work will get payoff today.
Today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday.
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.
No matter what your past has been, you have a spotless future.
Your secret desire to completely change your life will manifest.
Soon you will be sitting on top of the world.
You are never selfish with your advice or your help.
A thrilling time is in store for you.
It's tough to be fascinating.
Soon life will become more interesting.
Luck sometimes visits a fool, but it never sits down with them.
Aren't you glad you just had a great meal?
Only talented people get help from others.
You will be successful in your work.
You will spend old age in comfort and material wealth.
When you're about to turn your heart into a stone remember: you do not walk alone.
You are vigorous in words and action.
The one who snores will always fall asleep first.
An alien of some sort will be appearing to you shortly!
Rest is a good thing, but boredom is its brother.
Do not be overly judgmental of your loved one's intentions or actions.
Think of how you can assist on a problem, not whom to blame.
Take it easy.
Trust your intuition. The universe is guiding your life.
Use your head, but live in your heart.
Don't find fault, find a remedy.
It may be those who do most, dream most.
Your passions sweep you away.
Listen to yourself more often.
Think of mother's exhortations more.
The gambler is like the fisherman; both have beginner's luck.
You are given the chance to take part in an exciting adventure.
The simplest answer is to act.
Keep your feet on the ground even though friends flatter you.
You are the person of righteousness and integrity.
You who seek will find.
The smart thing to do is to begin trusting your intuitions.
Your many hidden talents will become obvious to those around you.
Pick a path with heart.
It takes more than good memory to have good memories.
Face facts with dignity.
Be calm when confronting an emergency crisis.
Do you believe? Endurance and persistence will be rewarded.
A new wardrobe brings great joy and change in your life.
Everyone agrees you are the best.
Everything will now come your way.
You will be called to fill a position of high honor and responsibility.
The eyes believe themselves; the ears believe other people.
Good beginning is half done.
It's the worst of times, you need to summon your optimism.
You are cautious in showing your true self to others.
Your ability to accomplish tasks will follow with success.
We all have extraordinary coded within us, waiting to be released.
Compassion is a way of being.
You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.
The pleasure of what we enjoy is lost by wanting more.
Perhaps you've been focusing too much on that one thing.
Right now there's an energy pushing you in a new direction.
Everybody feels lucky for having you as a friend.
When the moment comes, take the top one.
Sometimes traveling to new places leads to great transformation.
There is always a way - if you are committed.
Life is too short to waste time hating anyone.
Don't just spend time, invest it.
Life always gets harder near the summit.
Take the chance while you still have the choice.
It is much easier to be critical than to be correct.
Enjoy life! It is better to be happy than wise.
To make the cart go, you must grease the wheels.
You are contemplating some action which will bring credit upon you.
Before you wonder "Am I doing things right?", ask "Am I doing the right things?"
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try.
You will always get what you want through your charm and personality.
The big issues are work, career, or status right now.
Your emotional currents are flowing powerfully now.
Any decision you have to make tomorrow is a good decision.
Consume less. Share more. Enjoy life.
Spring has sprung. Life is blooming.
The possibility of a career change is near.
The important thing is to never stop questioning.
Compassion will cure more than condemnation.
Excuses are easy to manufacture, and hard to sell.
Put your mind into planning today. Look into the future.
Listen to life, and you will hear the voice of life crying, Be!
Broke is only temporary; poor is a state of mind.
Teamwork: the fuel that allows common people attain uncommon results.
Hard words break no bones, fine words butter no parsnips.
We cannot direct the wind, but we can adjust the sails.
You are offered the dream of a lifetime. Say yes!
Working out the kinks today will make for a better tomorrow.
Questions provide the key to unlocking our unlimited potential.
The wise are aware of their treasure, while fools follow their vanity.
Well-arranged time is the surest sign of a well-arranged mind.
Never bring unhappy feelings into your home.
This is really a lovely day. Congratulations!
A golden egg of opportunity falls into your lap this month.
You are very grateful for the small pleasures of life.
Today, you should be a passenger. Stay close to a driver for a day.
Hate is never conquered by hate. Hate is only conquered by love.
Service is the rent we pay for the privilege of living on this planet.
Good clothes open many doors. Go shopping.
The leader seeks to communicate their vision to their followers.
Great works are performed not by strength, but by perseverance.
People who are late are often happier than those who have to wait for them.
Present your best ideas today to an eager and welcoming audience.
The time is right to make new friends.
Do not hesitate to look for help, an extra hand should always be welcomed.
How can you have a beautiful ending without making beautiful mistakes?
Humor is an affirmation of dignity.
What's vice today may be virtue tomorrow.
You have an unusually magnetic personality.
You will travel to many places.
Accept yourself.
Be a generous friend and a fair enemy.
Never quit!
Old friends, old wines, and old gold are best.
Every friend joys in your success.
You should be able to undertake and complete anything.
You are a person of strong sense of duty.
Dream lofty dreams, and as you dream, so shall you become.
You have a quiet and unobtrusive nature.
Great thoughts come from the heart.
You love peace.
Judge not according to the appearance.
One who admires you greatly is hidden before your eyes.
Traveling more often is important for your health and happiness.
You will be sharing great news with all people you love
You have a reputation for being straightforward and honest.
You are always welcome in any gathering.
You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.
Open up your heart; it can always be closed again.
Being happy is not always being perfect.
Next time you have the opportunity, go on a roller coaster.
Try everything once, even the things you don't think you will like.
Life is too short to hold grudges.
Dream your dream and your dream will dream of you.
Being alone and being lonely are two different things.
Tomorrow, take a moment to do something just for yourself.
Someone close to you is waiting for you to call.
Smile. Tomorrow is another day.
You can never be certain of success, but you can be certain of failure if you never try.
It takes ten times as many muscles to frown as it does to smile.
Shoot for the moon! If you miss you will still be amongst the stars.
Keep your eyes open. You never know what you might see.
Tell them what you really think. Otherwise, nothing will change.
Let your heart make your decisions; it does not get as confused as your head.
Working hard will make you live a happy life.
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
Prosperity is in your fortune.
Enthusiasm can change the current situation.
You are the master of every situation.
You have a lively family.
A balance is needed between home and business.
A carefree life will be yours.
A challenge is near.
A change of heart may lead to a new living environment.
A certain someone will appear who could enhance your life.
A companion is an added strength.
A distant romance will begin to look more promising.
A dramatic change of scenery is in store for you.
A financial venture will turn a profit sooner than expected.
A firm friendship will prove the foundation on your success in life.
A friend will be important to you & your forthcoming success.
A friend will bear great news.
A friend will soon bring you a present.
A good reputation is something to prize and cherish.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
A loved one's concerns are of utmost importance at this time.
A person with brown eyes has a surprise for you.
A messenger will soon bring good tidings.
A new approach will bring you greater career success.
A new chapter in your life is being written.
A newcomer in your life is becoming more important.
A newspaper item will soon happily affect you.
A package or letter is important to you tomorrow.
A partnership shall prove successful.
A personal relationship will become more fulfilling.
A refreshing change is in your future.
A resort area will be part of your next holiday plans.
A romantic interlude may have to be postponed.
A short stranger will soon enter your life.
A sudden change in plans will lead to good fortune.
A tantalizing new prospect will come your way.
A television program will give you great impetus.
A thing of beauty shall bring you great joy.
A thrilling time is ahead for you.
A trip by air is in your future.
A trip is in your future.
A very important personal discussion will take place today.
A windfall is coming for you.
A worthy cause will appreciate your generosity.
Accept no substitutes for that which is genuine.
Accept the next proposition you hear.
Achieving peace of mind is a most worthwhile goal.
Act now for good results in the spring.
Affairs of the heart shall bring you deep joy.
All facets of your life are looking up.
All goes well with your personal life.
All your hard work will soon pay off.
An accidental meeting will be to your advantage.
An appeal for some assistance may catch you off guard.
An important position shall soon be yours.
An important telephone call will soon be made to you.
An interesting project is pending.
An official document will arrive soon.
An old friend will be your source of strength.
An old friend will try to contact you.
An outgoing attitude is the key to your efforts.
An outstanding opportunity will soon present itself.
An unexpected call could be pleasing to a good friend.
Answer just what your heart prompts you.
At the end of the month you will gain more peace of mind.
Avoid taking unnecessary risks.
Back away from individuals who are impulsive.
Be assertive and you will win.
Be cautious at this time.
Be patient if some luxuries are not out of your reach.
Be receptive to making new friends today.
Be sympathetic and you will get a new insight in your dealings.
Being on time will aid you to succeed this month.
Being the first to try something new could be great.
Brighter prospects can originate from a change of heart.
By next month, your added responsibilities will be alleviated.
Calm, poise & balance will help your life to flourish.
Catch up with various neglected chores.
Cherish home and family as a special treasure.
Children will contribute to your cheerfulness.
Children will play an important role in your life.
Clarity of mind helps in decision making.
Compassion is very much a part of you.
Concentrate on financial matters until the end of the month.
Contact those who share your interest in a project.
Contentment will be your key to happiness.
Cope with current pressures without losing your cool.
Counting time is not as important as making time count.
Courage  and optimism are your best traits.
Deal only with firms of proven reliability.
Decide what you want and go for it.
Desires that are not extravagant will be granted.
Diversify your interests for fewer worries.
Don't be hasty; prosperity will knock on your door soon.
Don't forget, you are always on our minds.
Don't lose sight of what you want.
Don't steal, the government hates competition.
Doors shall soon open for you.
Easy times are ahead for you.
Energy will abound next month.
Enjoy the good luck a companion brings you.
Enjoy your good company, they are true friends.
Everything takes longer than you think.
Executive ability in your makeup will lead you to success.
Fall shall see all your cares and worries slip away.
Family relationships will improve with time.
Feelings of goodwill to all should lighten your mood.
Financial security is just around the corner.
Financial success is on your doorstep.
Find some time to look up some older relatives.
Find the road to your happiness by helping others.
Follow the advice of your heart.
Follow your instincts, they are valid.
Following inner promptings brings quiet accomplishment.
Fortune is on your side. Play it for all it's worth.
Fortune smiles upon you at this time.
Fruits of your labour will be rich and sweet indeed.
Fun and excitement will soon be yours.
Functioning superbly will come automatically to you.
Get to the nitty-gritty of things in all dealings.
Get together with associates for beneficial decisions.
Get your schedule into a shape you can manage easily.
Give it time and it will work out.
Give time and thought to everything you do.
Give your business interests top priority next month.
Give your undivided attention to things that are basic.
Go easy, be moderate and patient.
Golden investment opportunities are arising.
Good common sense will help you master life.
Good fortune will soon find you.
Good news is on the way.
Good news will come to you from far away.
Good things are said about you.
Good things come in small packages.
Great thoughts will come from the heart.
Happy events will take place shortly in your home.
Heaven will rain success on you.
Home entertainment ought to be extra successful now.
Ideas are like children; there are none so wonderful as your own.
If bargain hunting, be practical.
If planning study or training, now is the time to go ahead.
If you have any doubts at all, hold off on decisions.
If you have money in hand, spend it on improving yourself.
Romantic interests will improve if you make the next move.
A tub and a rub will change your day.